c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\AdsDesktop.exe.config
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\AdsDesktop.exe
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\AdsDesktop.pdb
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\Negocio.dll
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\Data.dll
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\Negocio.pdb
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\AdsDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\AdsDesktop.Principal.resources
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\AdsDesktop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\AdsDesktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\AdsDesktop.exe
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\AdsDesktop.pdb
c:\users\jeanjacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\AdsDesktop.frmPaciente.resources
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\AdsDesktop.frmReportes.resources
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\AdsDesktop.frmReportMenu.resources
C:\Users\JeanJacques\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AdsDesktop\AdsDesktop\obj\Debug\AdsDesktop.frmReporteEstudios.resources
